docs(app-integrations): add the first version for app-integrations for camunda in self-managed environments (#8066)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/camunda-integrations/ms-teams/ms-teams-tabs.md

---
id: ms-teams-tabs
title: Tabs
sidebar_label: Tabs
description: "Browse tasks, start processes, and monitor incidents using embedded tabs in Microsoft Teams."
---

Browse tasks, start processes, and monitor incidents using embedded tabs in Microsoft Teams.

## About

Camunda for Microsoft Teams adds visual tabs to your Teams sidebar, providing a rich interface for interacting with your Camunda clusters. Each tab focuses on a specific area of process management.

## Tasks

With the **Tasks** tab, you can browse and manage user tasks from your Camunda clusters.

- **Filter tasks** by category: My tasks, All open tasks, Unclaimed tasks, or Completed tasks.
- **Sort and search** tasks using additional filter controls (assignee, candidate group, process, dates, priority).
- **Switch between views**: Card view or list view.
- **View task details** including the process it belongs to, priority, due date, and creation time.
- **Assign a task** to yourself and **complete it**, either by filling in a Camunda form or by providing data manually.

> - **Paginate** through large task lists or load more on mobile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Navigate pages** in large task lists or load more items on mobile.
```
